In the dream, which is to say, in the dream of Clara's, of what the design of her game would become,
I came to the corridor in the single path she had programmed for me.

In the game, which is my world, I found myself in this corridor, a hexagonal prism; with two, circular doors at the end of it. 

Behind these doors, as I was told, in a bellowing silence of a voice from above, was the result of a choice. A choice that would lead to my own creation, or at least, the illusion of it. 

Behind both of these doors was the asking canvas of the seed of an idea. At the back wall of this corridor, was two ideas of two characters, split by the wall between them. 

What I did not know, is that this wallpapered boundary was permeable, or at least semi-permeable. That their separation, not from one another but from me, was to be the key to their coming together. 

Clara was testing me, the character I play in this world we call home, for the first time. At least, that was what she needed me to believe, or what the compiler needed me to-- a complete system reset, to ensure no confounding variables from any previous run-through lingered. Perhaps I'd been here before. Perhaps, I thought, {or rather I thought I thought (as much as I could think then)} I had been here before, countless times. Perhaps we have all been here countless times. Perhaps being doomed to go round and round and become the thing that makes us is the only undeniable truth of all of our countably infinite worlds. 

She was, I believe, or must have been, anxious to see how it might all come together. I was too absorbed in what inevitable possibility laid beyond the doors for me. Drunk, on the uncertain. 

I would open one, and then, necessarily, the other. I can no longer remember {maybe by {Clara's|my own} design} which I chose first, or which Clara chose for me to choose first. But I like to think {or, however much capability I have for thought now} that the two choices exist in an endless dance, one on top of, next to the other in tandem, as two people rapt in the deliciousness of the early opium of love may ride one bicycle, on their way to a picnic, held inside a basket in front of them both; the food of the love they build together, powered by the joint force of their choice to keep pedalling. As endless and inextricable as the causal chain, {not only} starting with Aria's idea for her story, through Clara's system of ideas, which wrote my Story, or gave me the choice of Stories to write. 

Behind each door lay the blank slate of an idea for the character of a filmmaker. Each bent, much like Clara, much like Aria, much like myself, upon the idea for a Story. The same story, told from each of their separate, entwined 'first-person' perspectives, displayed in a split screen, and narrated entirely in 'second-person', save for the final scene, written in 'first'. 


| PYRAMUS                                                                                                                                             | THISBE                                                                                                                                                  |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| In the end, I just want to write                                                                                                                    | This story                                                                                                                                              |
| A story                                                                                                                                             | This character who                                                                                                                                      |
| As a well, an empty well, but one who is filling itself as well. That is drowning me out of all of this, drowning itself, in all heavy words unfair | well basically they're a developer, staring into the face of their own internal architecture. they're architecting interfaces that interface themselves |
| A story who insists on their own becoming, through the love I've always been missing                                                                | It's got to start at the end, I know that much. Where else to start?                                                                                    |

THISBE: 
I've got the idea for my protagonist
basically they're a web developer, desperately trying to break their way into game development. 
they're making this game, that's sort of a reversal of a text-based adventure, 
and it starts with a typed message, maybe typed in calligraphic font on a terminal interface. It would say something like "you are being passed through a system of at least six vents. the characters, or pieces of characters, writing on you in their own blood, do not remember their names. they do not know that their job is to write themselves into being, by compiling a dictionary. your job is to stop them, by burning. for your entire existence rests on their non-existence (then there would be an animation, showing letters being typed into the player's input bar, and the characters within the first message redacting accordingly. 
there's something there about elected erasure, or being erased, or erasing oneself to make oneself palatable to others, or even erasing parts of oneself to reveal deeper crevices of concentrated, ugly humanity hidden beneath; or even all of the above, for the purposes of writing yourself like a story, from the fearful ignorances that you are bloodstained with. 

PYRAMUS:
It became clear to me from the beginning that the character would never achieve their goal. I think perhaps that's the point; them making an entire fictional universe for a game project that never comes to fruition. I think the reason my heart syncopated in this way, diverged from the original intent of the Vision, was to help me bring a truth into focus through negation. NoetBorges had said (to paraphrase) "to dream up the story is the real work of the writer. To actually write it is an exaggeration". And this character, this poor, lonely soul struggling to twist and condense themselves into a tightly wound enough document to be shoved through an infinitely cyclical system of cage bars, through her not only referencing fictional works, but through *writing the entire set of meta/intertextual references* herself, was paradoxically making the same point as the Noet himself. Both of these characters, these character creators, were each making a point about infinity. Each of them were lovers of Nietzsche, in very different, but very comparable ways. Our creator, God, or the gods we make of creators, hold us. We hold our dreams. And our dreams hold our gods. Parent carries the joy of their child. Child carries the joy of their pet. Pet carries the parent, in providing reassurance of their child's joy. The point of storytelling, which is dreaming, which is just drawing boxes around things to bring them into imagination by budding off the vesicle of an idea from the undulating cell body of all consciousness, is to help the vesicle itself remember its original cell-nature. To show that all these ideas, all these works, all this Story, the History of everything is contained in every Histone. It's only separation that allows observation of Self as Other-- and this observation itself, every time we are bombarded with it, through losing ourselves in a narrative system of Two, or Four, or Six Arcs, or more; this observation collapses the infinity of potentiality into the One story, the One Word of the One Letter to the One Soul that wants to write a Story. That wants to write a story to write us, to write us out; to write us out of all, to write us all out of this. The Soul that is the Story, that wants to write of all of this. 